s successful and regulatory approval is granted by applicable regulatory authorities for a Licensed Product, the Company will hold marketing authorizations for such Licensed Product in the Shared Territory and Roche will hold marketing authorizations for such Licensed Product in the Roche Territory. Upon receipt of any such regulatory approval, as applicable, the parties must use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize such Licensed Product in the Shared Territory and Roche must use commercially reasonable efforts to commercialize such Licensed Product in certain major market countries in the Roche Territory.
Roche will be solely responsible for costs incurred in connection with commercialization of Licensed Products in the Roche Territory and will pay the Company tiered, low double digit royalties based on net sales of Licensed Products on a Licensed Product and basis in the Roche Territory during the royalty term. The parties will share equally (50/50) profits and losses (including commercialization costs) of Licensed Products in the Shared Territory.
The Company will be responsible for supply of Licensed Products for clinical and commercial use in the Shared Territory. The parties must use commercially reasonable efforts to complete a technology transfer of the manufacturing process for zilebesiran prior to first commercial sale of zilebesiran. The Company will be responsible for supply of Licensed Products in the Roche Territory until completion of such technology transfer, and Roche will be responsible for supply of Licensed Products for clinical and commercial use in the Roche Territory following completion of such technology transfer.
Following the occurrence of certain specified events, Roche may terminate the Agreement in its entirety or on a basis without cause, upon prior notice to the Company. The Company may terminate the Agreement if Roche or any of its affiliates or sublicensees challenges certain patents licensed to Roche under the Agreement and Roche fails to timely withdraw such challenge. Either party may terminate the Agreement upon the other party’s insolvency or material breach, subject to a cure period.
Upon termination of the Agreement, certain reversion rights with respect to the Licensed Products will be granted between the parties. The Agreement contains, among other provisions, customary representations and warranties, indemnification obligations and confidentiality and intellectual property provisions.
The foregoing description of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Agreement, a copy of which the Company expects to file as an exhibit to its Quarterly Report on Form for the quarter ending September 30, 2023.
Item 7.01	Regulation FD Disclosure.

=== Item 7.01 ===

Regulation FD Disclosure.
On July 24, 2023, the Company issued a press release announcing entry into the Agreement. A copy of this press release is furnished as Exhibit 99