
On July 28, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Biogen and Merger Sub entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a “Support Agreement” and, together, the “Support Agreements”) with each of William E. Rose, Evelyn P. Rose, Charles E. Gale, Evelyn P. Rose Survivor’s Trust, R. Kent McGaughy, Jr., CPMG, Inc., J. Warren Huff and The 2021 JWH GRAT (each a “Relevant Stockholder”), pursuant to which and subject to the conditions contained wherein, each Relevant Stockholder has agreed, among other things, to vote all of such Relevant Stockholder’s shares (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and any other matters necessary for the consummation of the Merger and other transactions contemplated thereby and (ii) against any Acquisition Proposal or other transaction, proposal, agreement or action made in opposition to adoption of the Merger Agreement or in competition or inconsistent with the Merger or matters contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Support Agreements terminate in certain circumstances, including written notification to Biogen of a Recommendation Change in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. The foregoing description of the Support Agreements does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of each Support Agreement, copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, 10.3, and incorporated herein by reference.
Item 5.03.	Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

=== Item 5.03. ===

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.
Effective July 28, 2023, the Board of Directors of Biogen approved an amendment to Biogen’s Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “”) to (i) clarify that nominees for election or reelection must agree to, among other things, adhere to Biogen’s Code of Business Conduct and Corporate Governance Principles and (ii) remove the position of Vice Chair and add the position of Chair Pro Tem. The full text of the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, marked to show the new amendments, is filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form which is incorporated herein by reference.
Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements, relating to: our strategy and plans; potential of, and expectations for, our commercial business and pipeline programs; capital allocation and investment strategy; clinical development programs, clinical trials, and data readouts and presentations; regulatory discussions, submissions, filings, and approvals; the potential benefits, safety, and efficacy of our and our collaboration partners’ products and investigational therapies; the anticipated benefits and potential of investments; optimization of the cost structure including our “Fit for Growth” program, actions to improve risk profile and productivity of R&D pipeline, collaborations, and busines