rposes of that agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement and may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement, including being qualified by confidential disclosures made by each party to the other for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between them. In addition, certain representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to investors and may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties rather than establishing matters as facts. Information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the Merger Agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in public disclosures by Biogen. The Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but should instead be read in conjunction with the other information regarding the
parties that is or will be contained in, or incorporated by reference into, the Forms and Forms filed and to be filed by Biogen, the proxy statement to be filed by Reata in connection with the Merger and other documents that the parties will file with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Biogen, Reata or any of their respective subsidiaries, affiliates or businesses. The foregoing description of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the full text of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1 and incorporated herein by reference.
Biogen expects to finance the Merger with a combination of cash on hand and term loan proceeds. In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, Biogen has entered into a commitment letter (the “”), dated as of July 28, 2023, with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (“”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, JPMorgan has committed to provide a senior unsecured bridge loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $1.5 billion (the “”), to fund a portion of the consideration for the Merger. The funding of the Bridge Facility provided for in the Commitment Letter is contingent on the satisfaction of customary conditions, including (i) the execution and delivery of definitive documentation with respect to the Bridge Facility in accordance with the terms set forth in the Commitment Letter and (ii) the consummation of the Merger in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement.
On July 28, 2023, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Biogen and Merger Sub entered into a voting and support agreement (each, a “Support Agreement” and, together, the “Support A